Safety instructions Before you install or use the device, read the safety information. Obey the instructions in this manual. The instructions can prevent injuries, or damage to the equipment. This manual contains CAUTIONS and NOTES for the safe operation of the device. A CAUTION symbol shows conditions that can cause injury, or damage to the equipment. Before you use the device, you must understand all cautions and follow them. A NOTE symbol contains important information for trouble free and optimal use of the Refill Station. Safety information When you install the Refill station, you must follow all local regulations and plumbing rules. If you have questions, contact your Bluewater dealer. Remember to ground your Refill Station electrically. Never cut, remove or bypass the grounding plug. Plug the Refill Station  directly to a wall outlet. Do not plug the unit into an electrical outlet controlled by a wall switch. Do not use an extension cord. This Refill Station should operate on standard residential voltage (220-240V ~ 50Hz or 60Hz). Use a circuit with a 15 amp fuse. You don;t need a dedicated circuit. Power cords should not go through walls. Ensure that the power cable and the power plug cannot be damaged. To avoid hazard, the manufacturer, service agent or another qualified person must always replace a damaged power cable. Do not change the power plug. If the plug cannot go into the outlet, contact a qualified person that installs the proper outlet. If the appliance is damaged or does not work well, turn it off, disconnect it from the power supply and contact your dealer. Throw away the packaging. Do not let children play with it. It can cause injuries to children. Destroy or recycle the carton, plastic bags and any exterior wrapping immediately. 7 © Bluewater Group 2023 This appliance is for children who are more than 8 years old. People with reduced physical, sensory, or mental capabilities or lack of experience and knowledge can use it. These people need supervision or instruction about the safe use of the appliance and must understand the hazards. Children without supervision caannot clean and maintain the appliance. Children must not play with the appliance. Children must not abuse, sit, stand or play on or around the Refill Station. A wall mounting bracket kit reduces the risk of falling over. Do not place objects on top of or against the appliance. Do not sit on, stand, climb onto or hang from the appliance. Do not put the refill station under water. Do not cover the air inlets. Only approved technicians, distributors or Bluewater service personnel should install, service and repair the Refill station. Incorrect works make the device inoperable and cause injury and damage out of warranty. Do not try to disconnect the external water plumbing or do not do work on them yourself. If you must disconnect water tubes, contact your BlueWater dealer. When you install the Refill station, make sure that hoses, tubing, and electrical cables can move. Use only original replacement parts from Bluewater. Your Bluewater dealer informs you about spare parts and where to buy them.
